my name is Malcolm Clark and I produced
and directed the lady in number six my
name is Nicholas Reed and I'm the
producer of the lady number six a full
title of the film is the lady in number
six music saved my life
the film is about an extrordinary lady
who was currently alive today in London
at 110 years old and she's the oldest
living Holocaust survivor in the world
and it's just an incredibly inspiring
story and I think it changed all our
lives in terms of who she is and this
film really looks at how human brain can
process the world in a way that can
literally keep you living longer and
happier I am full of joy in my house for
instance when I go with this I go it as
an invalid I am the only one who is
laughing nobody laughs here itself once
you get nominated it helps you get other
work it helps you finance films and it
helps you have some kind of a profile
because as we all know despite the fact
that documentaries are becoming more and
more and more popular we still to some
extent I think of the poor sisters of
the the movie business
you
music is is a dream new lake is a dream
we have made films about Holocaust
survivors before I've never met anyone
like women she is she's unique the
reason I see the film is dead easy 40
minutes it will teach you how to live
longer and to live happier simple zone
you